Master Answer Sheet (masteranssheet2.jpg):
.
Unsupervised learning on the other hand deals with data that has no predefined labels or categories
.
Instead of learning from explicit input output pairs the algorithm analyzes the .. structure of the data and identifies patterns clusters or relationships on its own
This approach is widely used for clustering anomaly detection and dimensionality reduction
For example businesses vs unsupervised learning to segment customers based on purchasing behavior allowing them to color marketing strategies
Since it does not rely on labeled data it is particularly useful when data is unstructured or when patterns are not immediately apparent
Popular algorithms in unsupervised learning inched k means clustering hierarchical cheering and principal component analysis cay

Student Answer Sheet (studentanssheet1.jpg):
I ee ee se vote al cc of conyeefmenie 1s known ap bumble sr see ores line are qutesmen os we oc tore a th baby gt rt 9 se ate achy seen inner ot she have ton dee the he comply spoke se command pr 4 the sleep
Avs s2 2.230 so a oy 4 i792 a m2 meiny omen g6 bk cam it me 8 a hk a. h a g4 q g g ta gainer gas a so 5 are varlets q fruits maria guava a v typical q anna he he nb ro n 4 3 .
Eager cf ao oy tex fake v .
San 4 cabastede the prolallit 4 jail fat le 7 a freak 21 ts a 52 21 no e ve d 1 tnturinlewed ty a i eel r boy tr a see ee one eyes ee

Student Answer Sheet (studentanssheet2.jpg):
Unsupervised learning on the other hand deals with data that has no predefined labels or categories
Instead of learning from explicit input output pairs the algorithm anoles the structure of the date and identifies patterns clusters or real townships on i s on
This approach is widely used for clustering gorey detection and dimension city redochon.
For example businesses use unsupervised learning to segment customers bossed on purchasing behavior following them o tailor marketing strategies
Since it does not rely on labeled data it is particularly .
Useful then data is unstructured or when poarrems are nor immediately apparent
.
Popular algorithms in unsupervised leaving include k means clustering hierarchical clustering and principal .
Component analysis ca .

